# zomato-restaurant-data-analysis
## Context
Bangalore is the Silicon Valley of India. Delivery, Dine-out, Pubs, Bars, Drinks, Buffet, Desserts you name it and Bengaluru has it. Bengaluru is best place for foodies. The number of restaurant are increasing day by day. Currently which stands at approximately 12,000 restaurants.
This Zomato data aims at analysing demography of the location.
## Contents
The basic idea of analyzing the Zomato dataset is to get a fair idea about the factors affecting the establishment of different types of restaurant at different places in Bengaluru, aggregate rating of each restaurant, Bengaluru being one such city has more than 12,000 restaurants with restaurants serving dishes from all over the world. With each day new restaurants opening the industry has’nt been saturated yet and the demand is increasing day by day. Inspite of increasing demand it however has become difficult for new restaurants to compete with established restaurants. Most of them serving the same food. Bengaluru being an IT capital of India. Most of the people here are dependent mainly on the restaurant food as they don’t have time to cook for themselves. With such an overwhelming demand of restaurants it has therefore become important to study the demography of a location. What kind of a food is more popular in a locality. Do the entire locality loves vegetarian food. If yes then is that locality populated by a particular sect of people for eg. Jain, Marwaris, Gujaratis who are mostly vegetarian.
Dataset can be downloaded from
